feat: add optimize command (#397)
asyncapi/cli: docs/usage.md

COMMANDS
  config    access configs
  diff      find diff between two AsyncAPI files

>   optimize  optimizes your asyncAPI file by removing un-used components, re-using duplicates etc...

Author: ```suggestion
 optimizes your AsyncAPI file by removing unused components, re-using duplicates etc.
```
